DOC-195 - Spring updates (#1466)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/spring/pages/overview.adoc

= Integrate with Spring

https://spring.io/[Spring] is a popular framework for writing enterprise-grade Java applications. https://spring.io/projects/spring-framework[Spring Framework] includes a range of libraries to reduce the need for boilerplate code and encourages a consistent structure for ease of maintenance. https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot[Spring Boot] further simplifies development by automatically configuring applications on your classpath.

Hazelcast Platform is integrated with the Spring Framework and Spring Boot, allowing you to easily incorporate Hazelcast's fast data cache capabilities into your Spring applications.

== Why use Hazelcast with Spring?

You can use Hazelcast to enhance your Spring applications with caching and session replication.

**Cache** - You can use Hazelcast as a Spring cache manager or a JCache-compliant cache, as described in the https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/reference/io/caching.html#io.caching.provider.hazelcast[Spring Boot documentation].

> **Hibernate second-level cache** - You can use Hazelcast as a second-level cache in the https://hibernate.org/[Hibernate] framework.

Reviewer: I just realised that this use case is separate from Spring integration and it would be _more_ correct to put it under Hibernate integration chapter.

We can mention it though here:

```suggestion
**Hibernate second-level cache** - You can use Hazelcast as a second-level cache in your https://hibernate.org/[Hibernate] `LocalSessionFactoryBean` configuration.
```

as it's commonly used with Spring

> **Cache** - You can use Hazelcast as a Spring cache manager or a JCache-compliant cache, as described in the https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/reference/io/caching.html#io.caching.provider.hazelcast[Spring Boot documentation].
> 
> **Hibernate second-level cache** - You can use Hazelcast as a second-level cache in your https://hibernate.org/[Hibernate] `LocalSessionFactoryBean` configuration.
> 
> **Session replication** - You can use Hazelcast to replicate session data across multiple web applications or microservices. Hazelcast provides xref:plugins:web-session-replication.adoc[plugins] for several web servers, including Spring's default web server, Tomcat.

Reviewer 2: Reads fine but wonder if bullets would be helpful e.g.

```suggestion
* **Cache**: you can use Hazelcast as a Spring cache manager or a JCache-compliant cache, as described in the https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/reference/io/caching.html#io.caching.provider.hazelcast[Spring Boot documentation].
* **Hibernate second-level cache**: you can use Hazelcast as a second-level cache in your https://hibernate.org/[Hibernate] `LocalSessionFactoryBean` configuration.
* **Session replication**: you can use Hazelcast to replicate session data across multiple web applications or microservices. Hazelcast provides xref:plugins:web-session-replication.adoc[plugins] for several web servers, including Spring's default web server, Tomcat.
```

Reviewer 2: If you're happy with bullets, I'd suggest the colon and lowercase first word as suggested above and in line with Google (I know the capitalization after a colon is often debated but I see no reason to diverge from Google, despite most of our docs not following it yet...)

Using Spring also makes it easier to work with Hazelcast. You can:

* Autowire Hazelcast objects, such as the distributed map (IMap), without needing to configure a Hazelcast member first. Spring Boot automatically configures a Hazelcast member if Hazelcast is on the classpath.
* Use `@SpringAware` annotation on Hazelcast objects to enable dependency injection inside classes processed by Hazelcast, such as `EntryProcessor` and `Callable`.
* Reduce the configuration needed to set up Hazelcast.

== Architecture options

You can embed Hazelcast members in the same Java process as your Spring application or deploy them separately in a client/server topology. See xref:deploy:choosing-a-deployment-option.adoc[].

== Supported Spring Framework versions

Supported: 5.3.39 and newer

> Latest tested: 6.2.0

Reviewer 2: Was trying to find a good example in current docs for this kind of info - obviously it's concise (which I like) but I'm pondering a quick table or converting to sentence too...

Author: Not the kind of thing that should be written in prose I think. A table might be nice, but it would be very small.

Reviewer 2: Table doesn't really work as it is - I still think it looked odd as a section heading with the two fragments as above but it's not a biggie

= Integrate with Spring

> https://spring.io/[Spring] is a popular framework for writing enterprise-grade Java applications. https://spring.io/projects/spring-framework[Spring Framework] includes a range of libraries to reduce the need for boilerplate code and encourages a consistent structure for ease of maintenance. https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot[Spring Boot] further simplifies development by automatically configuring applications on your classpath.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
https://spring.io/[Spring] is a popular framework for writing enterprise-grade Java applications. The https://spring.io/projects/spring-framework[Spring Framework] includes a range of libraries to reduce the need for boilerplate code and encourages a consistent structure for ease of maintenance. https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot[Spring Boot] further simplifies development by automatically configuring applications on your classpath.
```

> https://spring.io/[Spring] is a popular framework for writing enterprise-grade Java applications. https://spring.io/projects/spring-framework[Spring Framework] includes a range of libraries to reduce the need for boilerplate code and encourages a consistent structure for ease of maintenance. https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot[Spring Boot] further simplifies development by automatically configuring dependencies based on your classpath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://spring.io/[Spring] is a popular framework for writing enterprise-grade Java applications. https://spring.io/projects/spring-framework[Spring Framework] includes a range of libraries to reduce the need for boilerplate code and encourages a consistent structure for ease of maintenance. https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot[Spring Boot] further simplifies development by automatically configuring application based on your classpath.
```

nit, but "configuring dependencies" may be mistaken with configuring `pom.xml`

Hazelcast Platform is integrated with the Spring Framework and Spring Boot, allowing you to easily incorporate Hazelcast's fast data cache capabilities into your Spring applications.

== Why use Hazelcast with Spring?

By integrating Hazelcast into your Spring application, you can:

> * Initialize a Hazelcast distributed map (IMap) object without needing to configure a Hazelcast member first. Spring Boot automatically configures a Hazelcast member if Hazelcast is on the classpath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Autowire Hazelcast distributed objects, such as distributed map (IMap), without needing to configure a Hazelcast member first. Spring Boot automatically configures a Hazelcast member if Hazelcast is on the classpath.
```

> * Use `@SpringAware` annotation on Hazelcast objects to enable dependency injection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use `@SpringAware` annotation on Hazelcast objects to enable dependency injection inside classes processed by Hazelcast, such as `EntryProcessor`s, `Callable`s, etc.
```

* Reduce the configuration needed to set up Hazelcast.

Hazelcast can be used as a Spring cache manager or a JCache-compliant cache, as described in the https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/reference/io/caching.html#io.caching.provider.hazelcast[Spring Boot documentation].

== Architecture options

You can embed Hazelcast members in the same Java process as your Spring application or deploy them separately in a client/server topology. See xref:deploy:choosing-a-deployment-option.adoc[].

== Supported versions
// TODO: update
**Spring Framework**

> Supported: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported: 5.3.39
```

> Latest tested: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latest tested: 6.2.0
```

**Spring Boot**

> Supported:

Reviewer: All Spring Boot-related code is inside Spring's codebase. We don't support any concrete versions. We can link to https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/reference/io/hazelcast.html
